welcome back to my channel guys today
I'm going to show you how to create
these cute little kiss curls and lay
your baby hair so to do this even any
hair gel you're going to need a hair
spray make sure it's extra strong home
you're going to need a toothbrush
preferably a clean one and a fine-tooth
tail comb the tails the most important
bit so I'm just going to put my hair in
a low ponytail at the back of my head to
show you how to do this style and I'm
just combing through the front of their
hair and making sure that there's no
knot
he needs to be tangle free so that you
can easily slide pieces of hair out of
the ponytail
I'm putting gel over the whole of my
hair just to make sure everything
slicked back nicely and the textures
consistent throughout so you're going to
fine-tooth comb comb up the baby hairs
which will make the kiss curls and they
remind the longer the piece of hair the
bigger or the more complex in detail
your curls will be this style I'm
pulling hairs on both sides I'm going to
try and get bit of symmetry going on
now what you want to do is drench each
piece of hair in gel
you'll notice that I'm twisting it
around my fingers just making sure that
every piece within this strand of hair
is covered in jail it's really important
that the gel that you use on your hair
dries clear I'm using this really cheap
curl cream which I would never use to
make my hair curly but I'm using this
because it dries quite sticky and it
dries really hard and it dries clear
which is exactly what you need because
you're building it up so much so to
create curls you want to loose Li trace
out the curl first on your head it
doesn't have to be perfect here and then
once you've got the shape that you like
pass it down onto your head you then use
the tail of the comb to get a bit more
precision going on so to neaten at the
end of the curl and push it inward is it
more then spray it onto your face with
hairspray watch your eyes and do the
other nice
so trace out circle Pat it down the
neaten it up that's how you create the
kid curls now we're going to go into
laying the baby hair now I wouldn't call
these baby hairs I think they're more
like broken hair and hair that just
refuses to grow any longer than it is
right now so you want to create a
passion between your baby hairs and the
hair that's back in the ponytail and
just chrome those forward and again
drench them in hair gel once you drench
them in a hair gel you want to comb them
forward only ever so slightly not all
the way and using a toothbrush to do
this is what's going to give you that
fine brush stroke effect once you're
happy with how far forward the baby has
curved hold them down where they need to
stop
combing down that line with your
fine-tooth comb will gather up the hairs
together and create the border around
your baby earth
depending on how long your baby has are
you may be able to hold on to the end
and create a kiss curl and then to carry
on the symmetrical thing I'm just going
to mirror it on the other side of my
face that's pretty much it that's how
you do it and you can go ahead and style
the rest of your hair however you'd like
to I usually put mine in a bun I just
think it keeps the style a bit more
simple and makes it easier to wear and
there you go finished product now I
don't know about you guys but I don't
feel that I could just walk down the
street go to the shop every day with
kiss girls instead sometimes I might pin
them back and go for a little baby hair
action on the side just by yourself I
think this is a great way to just make a
normal boring ponytail into something a
bit more fun a bit more cool and of
course you could have a bun instead of
the point
and we are done thanks for watching guys
let me know what you think give it a
thumbs up liked it thumbs down if you do
and please subscribe see you next time